whoever is reading this, I want you to know that your loved. even if you feel like you aren't. I want you to know that even if I don't know you dear reader, I love you. we're all human and all that same, I've felt alone for a very long time, but I realize that we never really are alone. there's so many of us around, so many people too see, all with different personalities. and all perfect in every way. I love you all.

I hope that whenever you read this, you can feel the warm embrace of my words. I'm there with you all. and you aren't alone.

-Rowen

I've decided I'm gonna keep this as a diary for people to read.

- 1/9/26

today, I got in an argument with another person. their name was Rowan. I proceeded to joke around saying my spelling was better. they got a little hot headed and we got into an argument. I ended up making a joke and calling him "a rowigger", I didn't think of it at the time, but he went and cried to the head mod, then I was muted. it made me feel really upset because I've tried my best to be extremely kind in that server, then after that he slandered me and made fun of me in general discussion chat, while I was helpless to defend my name. he made the people in the chat start to think I was a bad person. that made me upset because I strive to make other people feel accepted. now I don't think they think of me too well, and that makes me sad


I got with dawn today aswell, this'll be a new experience for me because I've never dated a foreigner, and she seems extremely loving. I already like her alot. I spent time making me and her a couple of pfps, and (she doesn't know this yet) but I set up a private Minecraft server me and her can play on! I can't wait to play with her! but, I also wanted my sister and her friends to play on the server and have it communally, but they already have there own Minecraft world. I tried to get the world off of her Nintendo but it didn't work, apparently I need Minecraft realms 


I joined a Christan discord server, if you didn't know, I'm Christian. God makes me feel happy and safe, and I like that. plus he teaches me to be kind and forgiving, I love him. the people in the server were very nice to me. it makes me kinda sad that people assume Christians are evil, especially in the communitys I'm in. the truth is, it's not Christ that's evil, but it's the people that use his name wrongly that are. 


I have midterms tomorrow

Riri seemed kinda sad today, I hope she's okay.

my little brother has been playing left for dead 2 recently, I haven't played the game in a long time but it seems fun.

sometimes I wonder if anyone is really reading this or not.

I miss Dawn.

I apologized to everyone in my past, I still feel horrible for what happened. I still keep getting banned from dubs servers I join for no reason tho, it kinda makes me sad because I wanna make new friends

I'm starting to think people are secretly uncomfortable around me, whenever I ask a "friend" to vc they all conveniently can't. I find it awfully suspicious that they all just can't vc, it kinda breaks my heart to think that people wouldn't wanna be around me. not that I'm self centered, but I try really hard to make people happy, and it's sad that people still think I'm a bad person, after all this time of trying over and over again for people. and I understand the other side. but it's still really sadinning to me. I care about everyone so much and it makes me sad when people think I'm evil or something, I really try to be my best, I feel like they are lying to me and keeping things from me because they don't like me.. I mean, it's very obvious if I keep getting banned from servers literally for just being there. it's frustrating.

anyway, update you guys tomorrow. 

1/23/26

Dawn left me
